Once upon a time, there was a land called Westeros. There was an army called Unsullied led by a queen with dragons. Her name is Daenerys Targaryen. She is the survivor of the
 massacre of the Targaryen family. She has many names including "breakers of the chain" and "mother of dragons". She has silver blonde hair and beautiful purple eyes coming 
from a family line of such features. After going through many things including two unsuccessful marriages and politics, she finally took her army to the red keep to take back the iron throne which was taken from her family. 

Standing by her side, are some well-known people in this world who support her. John Snow, lord commander of the Night's Watch and His family, Arya Stark are drinking starbucks in the dungeon.
Sansha Stark, having donuts in her pajama sitting comfortably in the sofa. And the Imp, holding a gigantic mug of wine. 

They are watching the HBO version of Game of Throne Season 8 together. 

"To be honest," said Arya Stark, sipping on her Double Chocolate Double Cream Latte, "I am sick of all my favorite characters dying in this show. Why couldn't everybody just get along?"

"Well," Sansha Stark rised her feet, "Each coin has two sides. As human, we have to choosen between brutalization and unity." 

"Nah, I do not want to mention the reality. Let's imagine the way in my mind where the mother of dragon did become a mother to three dragon who could breath fire." Arya Stark picked up a piece of cheesecake from the table and took a small bite. 

The room went into silence.

Three police officers entered the room and reported that John Snow has been murdered and it's under investigation. Suddenly, one policeman pulled his gun out and shot everyone and yelled, "Heil Hydra!!!" 

To our surprise, that policeman was one of the participants of the massacre of the Targaryen family.

"No body trashes GOT season 8." Says the leading officer.

Another policeman hand over him a burner phone and a handkerchief. He wipes off the blood on his hand and dialed a series of number.

"911. What is the emergency?"

"Hi, there has being a crime in 221 B Baker Street. We heard gun shots."

"Help is on the way sir. Please stay on the line with me and do not approach..."

He hangs up the phone, wipes his fingerprints off the burner.

"Alright. Let's blame the hackers for leaking the 'True Ending' so that HBO will pay the rest of our payment."

They walk out of the messy inside and vanish into the darkness outside.
